Update to Infinite cage S120 (#1244)
pi-base/data: spaces/S000120/properties/P000041.md

  name: Counterexamples in Topology
---

> For sufficiently small neighbourhood of the point $(0,\frac{3}{2},0)$ its intersections with the sets $A_n$ are nonempty clopen in this neighbourhood for sufficiently large $n$.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Suppose $x\in X$ belongs to one of the $B_n$ and $V$ is a bounded neighborhood of $x$.
For $k$ large enough, the intersection $A_k\cap V$ is nonempty clopen in $V$, which shows that $V$ is not connected.
```
